gh-gist: add page (#4898)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gh-gist.md

# gh gist

> Work with GitHub Gists on the command line.
> More information: <https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_gist>.

> - Create new gist from file(s) - if multiple, separate by spaces:

Reviewer: Maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Create a new gist from a space-separated list of files:
```

> `gh gist create {{filename}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gh gist create {{path/to/files}}`
```

> - Create new gist with description:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new gist with a description:
```

> `gh gist create {{filename}} -d "{{description}}"`

Reviewer: Please use long argument format:
```suggestion
`gh gist create {{filename}} --desc "{{description}}"`
```

> - Edit gist:
> 
> `gh gist edit {{ID or URL}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Edit a gist:

`gh gist edit {{id_or_url}}`
```

> - List Gists you own:

Reviewer 3: Generally we try to avoid the 2nd person (e.g. `you`, `your`, etc) in tldr-pages :slightly_smiling_face:

What about this?
```suggestion
- List Gists owned by the currently logged in user:
```

`gh gist list --limit {{int}}`

> - View gist in browser without markdown:
> 
> `gh gist view {{ID or URL}} --web --raw`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- View a Gist in the default browser without rendering markdown:

`gh gist view {{id_or_url}} --web --raw`
```
